you know Arial assets up there with the
first light of the morning what can they
expect tomorrow morning winds should be
okay tomorrow morning it's during the
day as the afternoon into the early
evening comes on that's when the winds
will be picking up again and those winds
will be strong and they're going to be
picking up between around 15 to 25 miles
an hour with the gusts possibility up to
35 miles an hour so again tomorrow
afternoon those winds will be picking up
once again much like they were today the
winds much lighter tonight so that is
the good news also tomorrow we will be
dealing with will be the heat those
temperatures will be warming up 92
triple digit heat in the area you can
see right now temperatures into the
upper 60s to low 70s the wind's coming
in out of the southwest right around
three to four miles an hour in the area
so again nice light winds for now
humidity has been low today down into
the teens earlier today now right around
twenty-five percent and overnight
tonight through tomorrow morning those
humidity levels will continue to climb
so again that is also good news for now
but by tomorrow afternoon we're going to
see those humidity levels drop once
again where the fire jumped the aquaduct
nieto court and maestro lane that I just
labeled on the map right there so you
can get a better idea just south of
Rancho Vista but again wind's coming in
out of the Southwest right around four
miles an hour and temperatures are down
but tomorrow afternoon those
temperatures will be hot the winds will
be strong and the humidity levels will
be lowering so I know firefighters
working very hard tonight we will not
have much of a marine layer tomorrow
much you like today we'll have mostly
sunny skies and that will bring those
temperatures up a bit so you will notice
slightly warmer conditions and it will
be a bit breezy at times again we're not
looking at any advisory level winds at
this point but it will be breezy gusts
on and off especially in the fire
location and just some patchy coastal
fog so right along the coast we will see
some low clouds and fog but that's about
it as far as the marine layer right
around 1,000 feet deep and it will be
burning off very quickly
temperature-wise today we made it into
the upper 70s so warmer than we've been
in about 12 days but temperatures still
below average normal high 85 degrees
I'll look at our current temperatures
anywhere from the low
60s downtown to 63 in corona we're
looking at temps now into the 50s in
ventura and again we do have mostly
clear skies right now so that's allowing
those temperatures to continue to cool
down into the overnight hours but as
that ridge of high pressure builds in
over the next few days you'll notice
some warmer temperatures will be into
the 80s in the basin 90s in the valleys
again triple digit heat in the mountains
and the desert locations that eventually
will shift back to that onshore flow
bringing in the marine layer again and
eventually cooling down those
temperatures let's take a look at your
five-day forecast so